Sir, you doubt me?
I asked Wang An about that person
Nothing happened to us at all
No, no.
It must be the old maid
It must be him.
He is loving and stern
He wants to harm our children together
Mom, I brought the murderer here for you
I disdain to use such underhanded means
Girl, slowly
Son, you must sign this word today
There's no room for this poisonous woman in our house
Be careful not to be obsessed
I see.
It was your grandmother who forced you to marry this poisonous woman
But now your grandma is dead
You can be liberated from this life
I have no children now.
If you still don't want to marry me
Then in the eyes of others, I am like a bully
How else do you want me to live?
Police comrade
Someone framed me for murder
Please come over.
What is this for?
You don't think I'm a murderer, grandma
child's
Then let the police handle this matter.
If I am guilty
Let the police convict me
If I am not guilty
I hope the real murderer can be brought to justice
Those who slandered and framed me can apologize to me
I think you should be fine too.
Hey.
I still go through things at home
Are the police good?
And I haven't recovered yet.
Restore what
Not pregnant.
Come back with an abortion